And that brings us to nodes BFF, NPM.
And some people will say that this
stands for Node Package Manager, but
according to NPM, it does not stand for
Node Package Manager.
It stands for NPM is a package manager,
or not a package manager or something.
So anyway, if you go to npmjs.com,
you'll now see a new acronym for
NPM every, I don't know,
it's every time you go to the page or
every few seconds, it changes so
it just they're fun random.
NPM doesn't stand for
anything, it's just NPM.
Anyway, so it is a package
manager [LAUGH] for JavaScript.
It's not the only one.
And increasingly, some developers
are starting to be big fans
of other package managers.
So I'd say probably the two other
major ones that you might hear of,
which we're not gonna
cover in this course, but
I'm sure are widely learnable on
front-end masters are Yarn and PNPM.
So just to be aware that this is not
the only way to get node packages,
[LAUGH] but
it's the one that's most common.
So we're gonna use it.
And it's also great because it comes out
of the box with your node installation.
So if you have node in your path here
If you have access to node,
then you also have access to NPM.
And these are different programs so they
have different versions and everything but
they kinda go hand in hand.
So there is an NPM for every node.
[LAUGH] All right, so what is NPM steal?
Well, it exposes us to a massive,
absolutely massive collection of,
Code randos on the Internet have written,
basically.
[LAUGH] So if you go to npmjs.com,
which why don't we just do that right now?
And it used to be like a .org, but
I think, yeah, GitHub owns it now.
So, nope.
All right, so, and here's our,
yes, Neoplastic Plasma Medusa.
All right, anyway.
[LAUGH] So, if you search for pretty
much anything that comes to your mind,
like the word that's on
my mind all the time,
you will find 651 packages that
are somehow related to memes or
have the word meme in them including
one that's just called meme.
So what are all of these?
I mean, do they have to be memes?
No, they don't.
They could also be something
related to a framework.
Let's say like React, and
that's 6,000 packages and
probably even more than that cuz
these are very round numbers, and
I don't trust that that's a, [LAUGH].
I mean React itself is a package on NPM.
We're not gonna talk about React, but
any of these frameworks that we know,
all of these different tools for this
framework, all kinds of other things that
might be intended to accomplish different
functionality that you might want.
Like, I don't know,
maybe I want to look for
something related to cameras.
Well, somebody called Contra four years
ago published something called Camera,
which is just a dead simple package to
create readable streams from connected
webcams.
Okay, cool.
So, there is a whole bunch of stuff
here and the thing is that you'll
find all information about like,
okay, what is this package called?
A little description, there's maybe
some tags, the author of who it is,
and what version is that, how long
ago it's published, all this stuff.
And you will notice some very different
values in some of these, right?
You'll notice some big names like,
for example, where were we?
With React.
Well, that doesn't seem right.
But anyway, [LAUGH] there'll
be like big companies that
have their own repositories of all these
different tools that they've created.
And then there'll also be just like
random people like me, on the Internet,
publishing things that might have
no business publishing things.
There will also be things that are decades
old, things that are hours old,
[LAUGH] things that are days old or
months old.
So this is all to say,
there is so much stuff here and
there is absolutely no rhyme or reason or
really much of a control
mechanism to vet any of this or
make sure that people aren't
doing malicious things.
So when we're installing
stuff from the NPM registry,
the registry is sort of like, these
are all the packages I know about and
there are some custom ones, but
that's details you can look up.
This NPMjs.com collection is
something we wanna really take with
a grain of salt because it's just
code from strangers on the Internet.
So we wanna be cautious whenever
we're using packages from here in our
code because we don't know, like we said,
JavaScript lets you do all kinds
of things out from underneath you.
So word to the wise,
just keep in mind grain of salt.